what's up guys Big D whiz Oh school
stare calm what do we have going on
today well my friends as you can see we
have the us cope and the DD one but we
also have something here that we've been
trying to get for a while
what is this you may ask stick around
and we'll find out alright guys so here
we have it a fully adjustable 250 amp
power supply with up to 18 volts of DC
output as you can see we got the large
gauge here and goes from 0 to 250 amps
and it goes from 0 to 25 volts doesn't
adjust quite that high but still very
cool when there's a switch here
to go from volts to amps and there's a
way to adjust it here the output
it's a potentiometer and I'll show you
that here shortly and there is the main
breaker switch to turn it on and there
we go
positive and negative posts easily
marked so there is the power supply my
friends as you can tell by the labels
that we have put on here this is a
custom-made power supply and to my
knowledge are very few that are this
large power supplies for 12-volt
applications so a lot of them that are
this large are custom-made and just so
happens you may notice that we have a
dryer here and a washing machine here
and
no we're not washing our old-school apps
before we sell them we don't recommend
doing that what we're doing is we need a
220 as you can see input 220 volts AC 30
amps well if you have a dryer that is
electric you most likely have a 30 or 50
amp plug for your dryer that's what we
have and since we haven't had a chance
to rewire or set up a new outlet in the
old school labs we are using the laundry
room much to the dismay of my wife all
right so I have we're all plugged in and
what I'm gonna do now is I'm gonna turn
it on and I've got a lapel mic on so I'm
not sure how you guys are going to be
able to hear it but it's pretty loud so
let's try it here
so I guess you can hear me over the
power supply but what I wanted to show
you is really cool I don't know if I can
show both at the same time I'll try this
potentiometer did the guy use check this
out
really fine detail it takes almost a
full turn to go 1 volt and that's really
nice for doing this testing with the car
audio amplifier because I can set it
turn it down a little bit more you can
set it on 12 volts to test an amplifier
see we're right at 12 and we have
verified with the flute meter that it is
dead-on accurate then we could you know
just turn it up and say well huh let's
see if this a Ryan HCCA amplifier for
example is regulated or unregulated so
then we just turn it up just say I don't
know 14 14 and a half volts and we could
test it again and the output is
significantly different that we would
know that the amp is unregulated
so that's what's really cool about this
and also having the ability to go up
with 250 amps which is it's not enough
for all amplifiers today but it's enough
for most of the old-school apps that we
would ever test alright folks well there
you have it just a quick test of the or
a quick demo I should say of the power
supply the new power supply for the
old-school stereo labs which will not be
in the laundry room for long this is
just for a demo I wanted to do and the
reason I've got the O scope and the DD
one hooked up is I wanted to check this
baby out
not really for just output power but I
wanted to find out if it's regulated or
not so that's been kind of an internet
myth legend whatever you want to call it
that these amps or one way or the other
so I was just verified so if you guys
will stick around with me and check out
my next video
what I'll show you this is Big D whiz oh
cool stereo calm